[docs-only] update sharing docs (#4562)
owncloud/ocis: docs/services/frontend/_index.md

## Abstract

The frontend service provides multiple HTTP endpoints to translate OCS, archiver and approvider requests into CS3 requests.

## Table of Contents

{{< toc-tree >}}

## OCS

The OCS endpoint implements the open collaboration services API in a backwards compatible manner.

### Sharing

> Aggregating share information as one of the most time consuming operations in OCIS. The service fetches a list of either received or created shares and has to stat every resource individually. While stats are fast, the default behavior scales linear with the number of shares.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aggregating share information is one of the most time consuming operations in OCIS. The service fetches a list of either received or created shares and has to stat every resource individually. While stats are fast, the default behavior scales linearly with the number of shares.
```
